docs(integrate-custom-token): enhance clarity and detail in documenta… (#1362)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/content/docs/dev/send-tokens/interchain-tokens/integrate-custom-token.mdx

import { Callout } from "/src/components/callout";

> Custom tokens are independently deployed tokens, as opposed to those deployed via the [Interchain Token Service (ITS)](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/InterchainTokenService.sol). These tokens are integrated with ITS across different chains by deploying a Token Manager for each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom tokens are independently deployed tokens, as opposed to [InterchainTokens](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/interchain-token/InterchainToken.sol) deployed via the [Interchain Token Service (ITS)](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/interchain-token-service/blob/main/contracts/InterchainTokenService.sol). These tokens are integrated with ITS across different chains by deploying a Token Manager for each.
```

) external payable returns (bytes32 tokenId) {}
```

> This function does several important things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function does the following:
```

1. It computes a `tokenId` using the same salt you used during token registration
2. Creates a cross-chain message that instructs the destination chain to deploy a Token Manager for your token
3. Establishes the connection between your tokens across chains by associating them with the same `tokenId`
4. Sets up the appropriate [Token Manager](/dev/send-tokens/interchain-tokens/token-manager/) type that defines how tokens will be bridged (lock/unlock, mint/burn, etc.)

> When this function executes, it:

Reviewer: we should be consistent. here we list with dashes but previously we list with numbers
